TELCODOCS-285: Added sections about Cluster Group Upgrades Operator (#40392)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-about-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-blocking-crs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-2600 (CNF-2133) (4.10), Story TELCODOCS-285
// * scalability_and_performance/cnf-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cnf-about-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-blocking-crs_{context}"]
= Blocking ClusterGroupUpgrade CRs

You can create multiple `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs and control their order of application. 

> For example, if you create `ClusterGroupUpgradeC` that blocks the start of `ClusterGroupUpgradeA`, then `ClusterGroupUpgradeA` cannot start until the status of `ClusterGroupUpgradeC` becomes `UpgradeComplete`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you create `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR C that blocks the start of `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR A, then `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR A cannot start until the status of `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR C becomes `UpgradeComplete`. 
```

> One `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR can have multiple blocking CRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR can have multiple blocking CRs in which case all the blocking CRs must complete before the current CR can start.
```

.Prerequisites
* Install the Topology Aware Lifecycle Operator.
* Provision one or more managed clusters using ZTP.
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* Create {rh-rhacm} policies in the Hub cluster.

.Procedure

> . Create the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, and then save the YAML files in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, and then save the YAML files in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files. Once all the CRs are enabled, their status should be as depicted below.
```

Author: @irinamihai 

> Once all the CRs are enabled, their status should be as depicted below.

I'm thinking that adding this^, the last step doesn't make sense. That's when `enable` is set to `true`. However, with the updated yaml samples, that is already done. 

I decided it would make more sense to keep the current yamls for step 1 and I'll add [these](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cluster-group-upgrades-operator/blob/main/tests/kuttl/tests/blocking-mechanisms/01-assert.yaml) after enabling the CR as the `status.conditions.message` only gets updated after enabling the CR, I assume.

+

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: I'm thinking it would make more sense to use the examples from here instead: https://github.com/openshift-kni/cluster-group-upgrades-operator/blob/main/tests/kuttl/tests/blocking-mechanisms/01-assert.yaml, to whow the status conditions for blocking CRs, like 
```
status:
  conditions:
  - message: 'The ClusterGroupUpgrade CR is blocked by other CRs that have not yet
      completed: [cgu-c]'
    reason: UpgradeCannotStart
    status: "False"
    type: Ready
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: ran.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterGroupUpgrade
metadata:
  name: cgu-c
  namespace: default
spec: <1>
  clusters:
  - spoke6
  enable: false
  managedPolicies:
  - policy1-common-cluster-version-policy
  - policy2-common-pao-sub-policy
  - policy3-common-ptp-sub-policy
  - policy4-common-sriov-sub-policy
  remediationStrategy:
    maxConcurrency: 1
    timeout: 240
status:
  conditions:
  - message: The ClusterGroupUpgrade CR is not enabled
    reason: UpgradeNotStarted
    status: "False"
    type: Ready
  copiedPolicies:
  - cgu-c-policy1-common-cluster-version-policy
  - cgu-c-policy4-common-sriov-sub-policy
  managedPoliciesCompliantBeforeUpgrade:
  - policy2-common-pao-sub-policy
  - policy3-common-ptp-sub-policy
  managedPoliciesForUpgrade:
  - name: policy1-common-cluster-version-policy
    namespace: default
  - name: policy4-common-sriov-sub-policy
    namespace: default
  placementBindings:
  - cgu-c-policy1-common-cluster-version-policy
  - cgu-c-policy4-common-sriov-sub-policy
  placementRules:
  - cgu-c-policy1-common-cluster-version-policy
  - cgu-c-policy4-common-sriov-sub-policy
  remediationPlan:
  - - spoke6
  status: {}
----

> <1> The `cgu-c` update does not have any blocking CRs. TALO starts with the `cgu-c` update when `enable` is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `cgu-c` update does not have any blocking CRs. TALO starts the `cgu-c` update when `enable` is set to `true`.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// Epic CNF-2600 (CNF-2133) (4.10), Story TELCODOCS-285
// * scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cnf-about-topology-aware-lifecycle-operator-blocking-crs_{context}"]
= Blocking ClusterGroupUpgrade CRs

You can create multiple `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs and control their order of application. 

For example, if you create `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR C that blocks the start of `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR A, then `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR A cannot start until the status of `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR C becomes `UpgradeComplete`. 

One `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CR can have multiple blocking CRs. In this case, all the blocking CRs must complete before the upgrade for the current CR can start.

.Prerequisites
* Install the Topology Aware Lifecycle Operator.
* Provision one or more managed clusters using ZTP.
* Log in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.
* Create {rh-rhacm} policies in the Hub cluster.

.Procedure

> . Create the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, and then save the YAML files in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files. When you set the `enable` field to `true` in all the CRs, their status should be as depicted below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Save the content of the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs in the in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files and create the CRs.
```

> . Create the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, and then save the YAML files in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files. When you set the `enable` field to `true` in all the CRs, their status should be as depicted below:

Reviewer: This comment still applies. The CRs listed below have the enable field set to false.

> . Create the `ClusterGroupUpgrade` CRs, and then save the YAML files in the `cgu-a.yaml`, `cgu-b.yaml`, and `cgu-c.yaml` files. When you set the `enable` field to `true` in all the CRs, their status should be as depicted below:

Author: Looking at the whole section, I decided to remove it. There's a step to enable the CRs and we have examples about what they look like after.
